That's me. Jane Quimby.
My life is a little
complicated right now.
I landed
my fashion dream job
working for her,
Gray Chandler Murray.
The only problem,
they think I'm an adult.
Now I am juggling
two secret lives,
one in high school
and one in high fashion.
JANE: Previously on
Jane by Design...
Ben, the job search, it's...
Your big brother
has it handled.
RITA: I don't know, Jane.
You'd have to sign up for
the career internship program.
You'd be sacrificing
a huge part of your
high school experience.
it's not like
I'm at the center
of the social universe
around here as it is.
BILLY: What is this?
Sneaking around for
the past three months.
I don't get it.
You've forbidden me
from telling a soul.
I like you, Billy.
I have to do something.
They're going to
take our house.
Gray will be with you
in a minute.
And good luck.
I average an assistant
or two a month.
You make it a week,
I'll be shocked.
BIRDIE: And that is
India Jourdain,
Associate Designer.
Directly beneath Gray.
That weasel is
after my job.
And I am not going out
without a fight.
Starting salary is 34,000.
I'll take it.
JANE: Famed fashion icon
Yves Saint Laurent once said
that elegance
is forgetting what
one is wearing.
Considering the week
I'm about to have,
I sure hope
(ALARM BEEPING)
* I must be dreaming
* Like I've been here
some time before
* I've seen these faces
in familiar places
* And it's just
too much to ignore
* It's a broken record playing
* I get caught up
in the same two lines
* Put the song
back to the start
* And open my eyes
* I woke up in yesterday
* At the very same time
in the very same way... *
I was gonna eat that.
I need you to drive.
It's not even 8:00
and I already have
six e-mails from Gray.
Not to mention
a lost earring shipment
from a country
that I can't pronounce.
SeWhat?ly?
You're really gonna
keep up this whole
double life thing?
Oh, I don't know, Billy.
I mean,
do I continue to work at
my fashion dream job,
or do I return to a life
of high school obscurity?
What should I do?
Come on, Jane.
Obscurity?
Little dramatic,
don't you think?
(SCOFFS)
We're just misunderstood.
Besides, aren't you
a little burnt out on
that whole work thing?
Are you kidding?
I love this.
This job?
It's the first thing
I think about when I
wake up in the morning
and the last thing
I think about every night.
Do you have any idea
what that's like?
Sometimes.
When Ms. Dean
wears that scholastically
inappropriate sweater
on Fridays,
for instance.
I mean, I guess
that feeling might be
a little different, though.
Yeah. Charming.
We're still not driving.
And for the record,
that sweater is
age inappropriate.
That woman
should be teaching
Ill-fitting Attire 101.
I'd take that class.
I'm sure you would.
* I've my heart where
my head should be
* Light up the rest of me
* 'Cause your dreams,
they won't fall apart
* Through the stops,
the starts
* And life is a work of art
* It seemed like
the week would never end
* She knows that
he will be there
* Yeah, she knows that
he'll be there *
What do you say, Janey?
This Saturday?
A night out
in the city?
Come on.
It'll be magical.
Well, I definitely
would like to see you
in a tux. So...
I'm in.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
(MOUTHING)
* Eyes
Eyes on the prize
You found it?
Thank you so, so much!
You totally saved my...
No, of course.
I'll be there soon. I'm...
I'm on my way!
Hey, Jane.
Oh! Hi.
* I swear I don't
know anything
* Oh whoa, oh whoa
oh whoa, oh whoa
* We keep on going
'cause we can't say no
* Oh whoa, oh whoa
oh whoa, oh whoa
* Oh, wow, wow, wow
Oh, my, my, my, oh!
* Oh whoa, oh whoa
oh whoa, oh whoa
* We keep on going
till we lose our souls
* Oh whoa, oh whoa
oh whoa, oh whoa
* Oh, wow, wow, wow, oh!
Thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you!
* We keep on going
till we lose our souls
* Oh whoa, oh whoa
oh whoa, oh whoa
* Oh, wow, wow, wow
Oh, my, my, my, oh! *
We have a situation, Janet.
Turns out no one liked
your little presentation
last week after all.
Turns out they loved it.
Congratulations.
You're kidding me!
I don't kid.
She doesn't kid.
No, I know.
Thank you, Gray.
But really,
it was all you.
Of course it was me.
Of course.
Problem is,
they loved it so much
they've decided to launch it
at the fashion preview.
The what?
Preview party.
This Saturday.
Behind you.
It's where we show
our upcoming line
to potential investors
and publishers.
This is great!
No. It's terrible.
Te Right. .
I can't get back in time
to get that line ready
for that preview party.
She cannot get back.
And if that line is
not beyond perfection...
Perfection.
Well, with India
after my job,
I certainly
can't expect her
to handle things.
Definitively not.
If only there
were someone...
Someone that
I could depend on.
Someone like...
BOTH: You.
Is that a problem?
No. It's just...
You know,
I sort of have plans
this Saturday night and...
No, no, no.
Um, I'll cancel.
Are you sure
you can do it?
Yes. I'm sure.
I can do it.
Do you think she can
do it, Stefano?
I do.
Excellent.
(SIGHS) I think.
I am so in over my head.
I've never even been
to a fashion preview,
let alone prepped
a line for one.
You'll be fine, Jane.
Look, it's
a huge opportunity.
But one you can
totally handle.
One that many of us
would've jumped at
the chance to have.
Look, you can't
pass this up.
And you're
gonna do great.
(SIGHS)
You Absolutely!k so?
Okay. I can do this.
I can do this, right?
You can't
not do it.
Of course
you can.
Thanks, guys.
Bye-bye, Jane.
Are you even
listening to me?
Pay close attention.
Or I will kill you
in your sleep.
I said
obsidian beads!
(EXHALES)
(WHISPERS)
SShe's hideous!
I've been looking
for you all day.
That's nice.
I had a good time
the other night with you,
getting to know you, Jane.
I was thinking
you and I should go on
a proper date though, yeah?
Mmm, I don't think so.
Are you all right?
I'm great.
I just...
I gotta go.
Whoa, whoa,
back up a sec.
You actually
like this guy?
No.
Yeah.
A little, I guess.
I don't know.
But that was
before I saw him
all up in India Jourdain's
business the other night.
Just how up
in her business was he?
Billy, please.
Don't perv out on me.
This is about my job.
Yeah. The job that's
leaving me flying solo
at the dance Saturday.
(SIGHS)
I know. I'm sorry.
I'll call you back.
I'm golf. Not tennis.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah, I know, I just...
I want to talk
to you about something.
Sorry. No, I can't
help you there, man.
I'm not into that stuff.
No. Not...
What?
That was my brother, Tommy.
He got fired last summer.
I don't want
any trouble, okay?
That's not what I want
to talk to you about.
I was wondering
about Jane.
You guys are
close, right?
Yeah? So?
So, I, uh...
(CHUCKLES) Look, man,
you're not making
this easy. I was just...
Are you guys...
You know.
She's my best friend.
And I'm not gonna
let her get screwed over
by some meathead jock
who hasn't given
her the time of day
since middle school. Okay?
Um, if you'll excuse me,
some of us have to earn
a living around here.
"Meathead jock."
Hmm. This one
is interesting.
I know. It's terrible.
That's not what I said.
You didn't have to.
I wish I could help you out,
but Jeremy's got me
prepping the line.
Honestly, Carter.
I am completely
inexperienced.
I have no idea why Gray
would give me something
this important to do.
Um, maybe because
she trusts you? Hmm?
You'll be fine, Jane.
Awesome.
Hello, Jane.
Go on.
You can say it.
You're overthinking
things a bit.
What do you mean?
This event, it's just
a little preview for
the money people.
And the money people
want to feel like
their money is
safe.
And while the work
you've done here is
all very, very good,
it's certainly not safe.
Well, I'm not quite
finished yet. I just...
Oh, oh.
Of course not.
I'm sure you'll do
just fine. Good luck.
Afternoon, Judge.
You're late.
Sorry about that, sir.
Hey, Lulu.
You two know
each other?
Not really.
He goes to my school.
Daddy, if it's okay,
I think I'll wait inside.
I'm not really in
the mood for golf today.
That's not like you.
Quitting before we
even tee off.
I'm not quitting.
I just...
I don't feel like
playing today, okay?
Okay.
(EXHALES)
You gave me the wrong club.
Uh, I'm pretty sure I...
I know you, don't I?
Nutter, isn't it?
Yeah, you've been in my
courtroom a few times.
My brother. Not me.
That's... That's not me.
Uh-huh.
Not yet.
Lucky shot.
Is that what you want?
To be in design?
Because that
has potential.
Thanks.
Did I do something
to offend you, Jane?
Because if I did...
No. Of course not.
I just, um...
I really should
get back to work now.
Hey. Can you explain
American women to me?
MAN: I wish I could, dude.
Forget it.
I can see you, Jeremy.
India!
What a nice surprise!
Are you
avoiding me, Jeremy?
No!
No, of course not.
Good.
Because I was thinking
tonight after work
we could get together and...
Look. India. You and I?
The past few months...
It's not...
Well, it's
not really...
Look, you're...
Is it me or
is it hot in here?
Just, uh...
What were you
saying, Jeremy?
Your
place, or mine?
It's classic
and simple and...
Safe and expected.
This is sad.
This is my fault.
I put way too much on you.
I just thought...
I thought I could call in
and do a simple top edit.
I thought you were ready,
but...
No, no.
I am ready. I am.
"Safe and simple."
The preview party is in
less than two days, Janet.
Oh, it's Jane.
And this collection
needs to be perfect.
It needs to be fresh.
It needs to turn heads.
And this is not
that collection.
You know what?
It's all right.
I'll call in India
and have her redo it
in the morning and then...
Wait. Um...
Just let me
take another shot.
Please.
Are you sure?
Yes. I can do it.
All right. Start over.
Thank you, Gray.
You better not
let me down, Janet.
Now I have to go.
I'm gonna be late for dinner.
Right, Patricia?
Absolutely.
The cocktails
are waiting.
Mmm!
Hi, Janet.
Hi.
Bye, Bye. et.
See you at
the preview party.
Back to the drawing board.
Hi.
What do you want?
I want to talk to you.
Really?
'Cause I thought
we didn't even
know each other.
I was just trying
to throw him off.
Well, you threw me off.
Come on, Billy.
You know my dad
would freak out
if he thought
there was something
going on between us.
You know how he is.
Yeah. He's an ass.
He's tough.
And overprotective.
But that's only because
he wants what's best for me.
And what is it
that you want, Lu?
You.
Yeah...
I want you.
* And besides
no one to watch the show
* Why can't I let it go?
* And why do I let it show?
* My fear is the medicine
* And I am my father's son
* And all these things
that fall to pieces
* I want to watch it grow
I mean, he thinks
I have potential,
which is flattering,
yeah, but...
What's with you
this morning?
What??
What's goNothing.ith you?
Jane,
it's nothing, okay?
I just...
I'll see you later.
You're really gonna
make me say it?
Come on, man.
Now you wanna talk, huh?
Did you tell anyone?
Tell 'em what?
What you saw.
With me and Lulu.
Look, I don't care what
or who you do, all right?
I just...
I don't get it.
Guy like you with
a girl like Lulu Pope?
(INDISTINCT)
I'm surprised
you haven't told
everyone in town.
It's her.
She's the one
who doesn't want
everyone to know.
Why would you agree
to something like that?
Look, are you gonna
tell anyone, or not?
Not.
But I do want
a favor in return.
He seems
like an okay guy.
(GROANS)
I hate these things.
Focus, Jane. Nick Fadden.
Crap. It's Gray. Again.
I'm telling you, Billy.
If I don't get this line
ready in time
for Saturday's show,
it's over.
Can you please focus on
the conversation at hand?
You mean the conversation
about the high school Adonis
that I've been
drooling over for
the past five years?
That conversation?
Yes. Thank you.
Remember the time that Lulu
invited me to a sleepover
in fourth grade?
She gave me
the wrong address!
I showed up
to a Cluck Shack
with my sleeping bag
and my Malibu Barbie,
ready to go,
and there wasn't
a soul in sight.
It was humiliating.
All because I allowed
myself to believe,
for one minute,
that they could ever
treat us like one of them.
And this?
This feels a little
bit like that.
You think
I'm pranking you?
Of course not. It's...
It sounds too good
to be true, okay?
Nick is gorgeous
and popular
and I can barely complete
sentences around him.
Besides,
you hate those guys.
Why do you even care?
I don't.
And why would he talk
to you about it,
of all people?
I don't know.
Maybe he's, like,
nervous or something?
In a town
full of rich jocks,
Nick is the richest
and jockiest of them all.
And I am
Little Orphan Annie
who gawks at him
every day in AP English.
Why would he be
nervous about me?
What?
Nothing.
(SIGHS) Look, as much
as I would love to talk
about Nick Fadden all day,
every day,
for the rest of time,
I have a fashion
line to prep for in
less than four days.
I have to go!
(LINE RINGING)
Where are you, Gray?
Hmm.
This is what she does.
Hangs you out there.
All alone.
Succeed or die.
You aren't the first.
Or the last.
The faces are different,
but the stories are
all the same.
Megan.
Oh, poor Megan.
One ill-timed layover
for Gray in Morocco
and Megan was gone.
Then there was Alexander.
He lasted
three whole days.
Until he made the
huge mistake of confusing
burgundy with magenta.
You think Gray's having
you put together this line
because she wants
you to succeed?
Sweetie, think again.
Why would I
listen to you?
You want me to fail.
True.
But don't say
I didn't warn you.
Then what did he say?
We've gone
over it 50 times.
He asked about Jane.
That's it.
Why?
Lulu.
I told you Jane is
off-limits, okay?
Fine. Whatever.
As long as Nick
promised he wouldn't tell.
He promiYes. right?
Are you sure?
You guess?
This is serious, Billy!
Nobody can know
about this. Ever.
You're right.
And you don't have to
worry about it anymore
because there's
nothing left to tell.
It's over.
Looks like you
could use a hand.
I'm fine, thanks.
(SIGHS) Okay,
you're right. I could
definitely use some help.
And I have help to give.
What are the chances?
All right.
Let's have it.
What've you got so far?
Well, I think
I've figured out the
first five combinations.
And this one?
I know. I just...
You know, I keep going back
and forth on the necklace.
I like it.
It's just
a bit expected.
But we'll get there.
* Flowers start to bloom
in every different hue
* From violet
to pink and blue
* I can feel a change
* No I am not the same
* I'm lucky to
be here with you
* This feels right
feels so bright
* Life is rosy
* Beautiful
Yeah it's so wonderful *
It's perfect.
You did it.
We did it.
I mean, from
"I like you" to
"I can hardly look at you"
in less than a week?
I demand an explanation.
I guess I'm in
a buy American
sort of mood.
Jane Quimby, you are
breaking my heart.
(LAUGHS) Hardly.
Whoa. Uh...
You have a girlfriend.
A what?
You're with somebody.
No.
Oh, come on. I saw you.
And India
the other night.
That? No, no, no.
India and I are
absolutely 100% over.
Right. You know,
it didn't look very over
from where I was standing.
Which was
right over there,
just in case
you were curious.
It was...
You know what?
I'd actually rather
not talk about it.
It wasn't
what it looked like.
All right,
it was exactly
what it looked like,
but you and I, Jane,
we could have
something special.
(SNICKERING)
Are you laughing?
(IN BRITISH ACCENT)
"We could have
something special."
That bad, was it?
It was kind of corny.
Mmm-hmm.
You know, this could
seriously damage my
reputation as a ladies' man?
(CHUCKLES)
A ladies' man?
I also like "chick magnet."
That's a nice one.
Because I'm a magnet
for chicks.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hello? What?
Billy, slow down,
I can't hear you.
(GROANS)
I'll be ready
in two minutes.
Great.
Jane. I have an interview.
BestFine.hree?
That's what
I'm talking about.
Right there.
Very mature, Ben.
What can I say?
I try. You know.
You got a letter.
It's by the couch.
Yo. Why aren't you
dressed yet? We're gonna
be late for school.
Jane?
Janey? What's wrong?
Talk to me.
It's my first paycheck.
We're rich!
(SQUEALS)
(BOTH GIGGLING)
Hey.
Hey, Ben.
Good shower?
Yeah, it was. It was
a real nice shower.
Thanks.
You two are
getting weirder.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Ben Quimby? Did we
have another meeting
scheduled for today?
Nope, but it's nice
to see you, Rita Shaw.
Notice I remembered
your name this time.
You do realize you're not
allowed to just show up and
hang out whenever you want
on school grounds, right?
I have an interview.
An interview?
For what?
A job here?
Yeah, assistant athletic
director. Perfect, right?
You know, if this works out,
we'll end up being colleagues.
How great is that?
Great.
Okay, that's me.
Here goes nothing.
Wish me luck,
Rita Shaw.
Good luck?
(SCHOOL BELL RINGING)
Man, I don't get it. I mean,
she used to look at me like
I was God's gift or something
And now, it's like...
I'm a leper.
Maybe her taste
has evolved.
Look, I know you don't want
to see Jane get hurt,
but I'm not this...
WhMeathead jock.n?
(CHUCKLING) Right.
I'm not that guy.
The guy you think I am.
What do you care
what I think, man?
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm not gonna say
anything about what
I saw, you and Lulu.
I mean, no matter what
happens with Jane,
I wouldn't do that.
Here's the thing
about Jane.
She's smart
and she's beautiful
and she's amazing.
And she has no idea.
Just talk to her. That's it.
That's all it takes.
Hi.
Hi. (Hi.CKLES)
So, I was wondering
if you were gonna
be there Saturday.
Uh, yeah, totally.
Saturday.
What's Saturday again?
Oh, the, uh...
The dance.
Oh, right.
Magical night.
I was thinking maybe
we could meet there?
You want to meet me?
Yeah. You.
Oh. Great.
It's a date!
I mean, you know,
metaphorically speaking.
Not like a real date.
Just like, you know,
you're gonna be there
and I'll be there.
So we'll meet
there together.
I'll see you
Saturday, Jane.
Yes, yes,
you will!
Or you won't.
What exactly is the problem?
JANE: The problem, Billy,
is that Winter Formal
is the same night
as the fashion preview.
And I already told you.
I cannot miss that party.
Gray is counting on me
and I refuse to give
India Jourdain
the satisfaction
of watching me fail.
Then skip the dance.
You already bailed
on me once this week.
What's the big deal?
Are you kidding?
Nick Fadden said,
"Meet you there."
He wants to meet
me there.
At the dance.
So, you know,
I have to go.
So? What do you think?
That you can't be
in two places
at once, Janey.
That's what I think.
Oh, no, no.
I know that look.
I have a plan.
Yep. That's the look.
Look, Winter Formal here.
Preview party here.
I'm really not following.
Oh, come on, Billy.
I couldn't have planned
it better if I tried.
I'll just take a spin
around the dance floor,
quick change in the bathroom,
and then race over in time to
prep for the fashion preview.
Back and forth
a few times...
Win the guy.
Impress the boss.
What could possibly
gExactly.
It's all going to work out.
And I'm going to be awesome.
Where'd you get that thing?
Oh, wow, that was...
Mom's.
She was wearing it
in that old picture, right?
The one dad had in his wallet.
Mmm-hmm.
He would be really
proud of you, you know?
Yeah. He would.
* Shine your light on me
(SIGHS)
* Through the dark and gray
I can see the way
* Shine your light on me
* I'm all alone
I need you to bring me home *
Come on, let's see it!
You look...
Incredible.
Rocking the fauxhawk
formal style, are we?
Hey, if you got it, flaunt it.
(LAUGHS)
Okay, can we go now? Please.
Bye.
* Close my eyes
and make believe
* She must be an angel
* Angel, she must be
an angel coming down
* Must be an angel
Gotta be an angel
* 'Cause she's falling
from the heavens... *
I'm nervous.
Don't be.
I've got your back, kid.
(HOUSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Showtime.
Maybe this is a mistake.
Trust me, Janey.
This isn't some grade
school sleepover prank.
Not tonight.
He wanted to see you.
You know where
to find me.
I'm glad you're here, Jane.
Me, too.
You know,
I am so lucky.
I get to dance with
the prettiest girl here.
That's nice.
It's just...
Why now?
I mean, you've barely
said more than the
occasional "hey, Jane"
since Bobby Connor's
seventh grade pool party.
You know, the incident.
You. Me.
Seven minutes in heaven.
That was you?
I mean, that was you.
Of course.
And it was
very memorable.
Obviously a high
point for you.
Well, I have been
reliving those...
BOTH: Seven minutes.
Over and over
throughout the years.
You don't remember
a thing, do you?
Nope. (CHUCKLES)
Look, I'm sorry.
It's okay. I was 13
and there wasn't
much to remember.
It's...
It's because
you seem different.
You asked why now,
and that's why.
You just seem...
I don't know,
just different lately.
I don't know.
I've just been racing
back and forth between...
You okay?
Um, yeah. I just...
Um, I have to go.
To the bathroom.
But I'll be right back!
I thought you'd
never show.
Wait. Wait up!
There you are.
We've got less
than an hour.
All right,
let's get to work.
* I'm gonna show you round
I'm gonna show you round
* Dark hair, short skirt
Red boots, eyes blue
* He's got the tight jeans
short hair,
don't give a...attitude
* He's got the tight jeans
short hair,
don't give a...attitude *
Hey!
I've been looking
all over for you.
Where've you been?
Oh, just mingling around.
Hi, Nick.
Hey. You guys
know Jane, right?
Of course we do.
We do?
They're just jealous.
Can we dance
or something?
I'd like that.
Explain that to me.
Maybe he got
hit in the head with
a baseball or something?
Let's go!
(INAUDIBLE)
* Out of the way
the weight of the world
* The wrecking ball
is straight on course
* You're still the one
that I adore
* I'm irritated to the core
* I love you anyway
Hold still.
Do it.
Do what?
Zip me! The line
goes on the runway
in less than five minutes.
I have to get back.
What would
I do without you?
Jane!
You're in the wrong...
Dress.
(DANCE MUSIC PLAYING)
India.
YoFor now.k.
I know what
you're up to.
You best take your
eyes off my job.
I don't know what your
assistant told you, but...
Oh, please.
You're about as subtle as
Galliano's fall collection.
Little word of advice.
I wouldn't bite off
more than I can chew.
Are we clear?
Mmm-hmm.
Good.
Now, where's Janet?
Janet? Who's...
Oh, please.
I'll find her.
* Work it
* Come on and work it
Work it now
Where've you been?
They're going on now
and you're...
WhatWhat?hat?
That!
This? This is
an outfit change.
It's cute, right?
It's quite gorgeous.
Whose is it?
It's mine.
Yeah, who designed it?
Oh.
Me, I guess.
I designed it.
* You've been hiding
for far too long
* Super sexy, girl
you know you're strong
* Strut your stuff
and show them how
* You're a superstar, baby
The queen of now
I need you two! Pronto!
We've got some
serious fashion fallout
happening back here!
It's ruined.
Oh!
Now what?
I'm one dress short.
We cannot send this
line out incomplete.
* Work it, work it
Work it now
Guys?
Seriously,
what are you looking at?
* Work it, work it
Work it now
* Work it
* Work it, girl
and show them how
* Come on and work it, girl
Miss fashion
you're the it-girl now
* Work it, girl,
One day you're gonna
show them how
* Come on and work it
work it, work it now *
* Darling, I melt
right into you
* Maybe it's wrong
* But I can't keep it inside
* Darling, I melt
right into you
* The more that I try
I can't fight it *
The nerve it takes.
Putting your own design
on the runway.
Actually, I...
You know what I think?
I think I was
wrong about you.
I think you might be
cut out for the fashion
business after all.
See you
in the office, Jane.
She knows my name.
She actually
knows my name.
(EXCLAIMS) Congratulations.
You pulled it off.
Amazing!
I have to go!
* The snow is falling down
I pull you near
* The city sounds
fade and disappear
* City lights blur
behind your ears
* Your lips are warm
even in winter
* Even in winter
* City lights blur
behind your ears
* Your lips are warm
even in winter *